**<u>3. Create a New GitHub Repository:</u>**

Go to the GitHub website (https://github.com/) and sign in to your
account.

Click on the "+" icon in the top right corner and select "New
repository".

Give your repository a name (my student number and name – in one word),
added description (use IMAD5112 Assignment 1) and choose public.

Click on the "Create repository" button.

2\. Initialise the Repository with a README File:

After creating the repository, you'll see an option to "Initialize this
repository with a README". Check this option to create a README file.

Click on the "Create repository" button to finalize the creation of the
repository.

3\. Commit and Push Your Project Files to the GitHub Repository:

In Android Studio, go to VCS (Version Control System) -> Import into
Version Control -> Share Project on GitHub.

Log in to your GitHub account if prompted and select the repository you
created earlier.

Click on the "Share" button to push your project files to the GitHub
repository.

4\. Regularly Commit and Push Your Code as You Make Progress:

After the initial push, continue making changes to your project in
Android Studio.

Whenever you make significant progress or changes, commit your changes
locally in Android Studio using VCS -> Commit Changes.

Once committed, push your changes to the GitHub repository using VCS ->
Git -> Push.

**Here is a link to the GitHub Repository**

[VCPTA/haw1-imad5112-part1-submission-Londekazulu:
haw1-imad5112-part1-submission-Londekazulu created by GitHub
Classroom](https://github.com/VCPTA/haw1-imad5112-part1-submission-Londekazulu)

**<u>4. Link To YouTube Video</u>**

[**https://youtu.be/35BIuHpdPzI**](https://youtu.be/35BIuHpdPzI)

**<u>5. Reference</u>**

Andrews, W.L.S., Ault, B.S., Berry, M.J. and Moore, C.B., 1991.
Biography of George C. Pimentel. *The Journal of Physical
Chemistry*, *95*(7), pp.2607-2615.

Barnhill, J., 2019. Marvin Gaye's What's Going On and the Civil Rights
Movement: A History and Analysis.

Brown, T.J., 2005. Reaffirming African American cultural values: Tupac
Shakur's Greatest Hits as a musical autobiography. *Western Journal of
Black Studies*, *29*(1).

Carr, S.A., 1992. On the Edge of Tastelessness: CBS, the Smothers
Brothers and the Struggle for Control. *Cinema Journal*, *31*(4),
pp.3-24.

Iandoli, K., 2021. *Baby Girl: Better Known as Aaliyah*. Simon and
Schuster.

Johnstone, N., 2011. *Amy Amy Amy: The Amy Winehouse Story: The Amy
Winehouse Story*. Omnibus Press.

Lang, H., 2007. *The Notorious BIG: A Biography*. Bloomsbury Publishing
USA.

